c:\users\mirsh\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ClassLibrary3\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary3.dll.config
c:\users\mirsh\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ClassLibrary3\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary3.dll
c:\users\mirsh\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ClassLibrary3\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary3.pdb
c:\users\mirsh\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ClassLibrary3\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary2.dll
c:\users\mirsh\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ClassLibrary3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mirsh\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ClassLibrary3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\mirsh\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ClassLibrary3\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary2.pdb
c:\users\mirsh\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ClassLibrary3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mirsh\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ClassLibrary3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\mirsh\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ClassLibrary3\obj\Debug\CustomerManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mirsh\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ClassLibrary3\obj\Debug\ClassLibrary3.dll
c:\users\mirsh\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackTest\ClassLibrary3\obj\Debug\ClassLibrary3.pdb
C:\Users\mirsh\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestProject\ClassLibrary3\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary3.dll.config
C:\Users\mirsh\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestProject\ClassLibrary3\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary3.dll
C:\Users\mirsh\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestProject\ClassLibrary3\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary3.pdb
C:\Users\mirsh\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestProject\ClassLibrary3\bin\Debug\CustomerModel.dll
C:\Users\mirsh\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestProject\ClassLibrary3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\mirsh\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestProject\ClassLibrary3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\mirsh\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestProject\ClassLibrary3\bin\Debug\CustomerModel.pdb
C:\Users\mirsh\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestProject\ClassLibrary3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\mirsh\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestProject\ClassLibrary3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\mirsh\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestProject\ClassLibrary3\obj\Debug\CustomerManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mirsh\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestProject\ClassLibrary3\obj\Debug\ClassLibrary3.dll
C:\Users\mirsh\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestProject\ClassLibrary3\obj\Debug\ClassLibrary3.pdb
